[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This week on Gaia, on "Open
Minds" with Regina Meredith--
>> Congratulations.
>> Thank you.
>> So now here we are
talking about narcissists.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It's the frogs
being boiled in water.
>> Exactly
>> You're just gently
turning up the heat.
You don't even notice that
that's what's happening.
They've been comfortable.
They didn't learn grit?
Well, tough.
This is Earth this
is what we're doing.
All of a sudden,
there's an urgency.
You cannot not see this.
"I do not consent."
>> "I don't consent."
Exactly.
>> Yes.
I don't believe that the
soul's dharma turn on
until we make a commitment.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> For years, NASA said,
we're not interested in UFOS.
We don't investigate--
>> And now-- bang.
What do you think of the
James Webb telescope?
>> Oh my goodness.
One of the wonders
of the modern world.
It's like the
scientific community
is catching up where
the UFO community has
been for 80 years.
>> The answers
are going to come.
And they're going to
come in a big way.
>> Some people will
react with fear,
others with a sense of wonder.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure--"
>> We were told that
you just need to know,
since y'all drilled
through those two holes,
that it lit this whole
mountainside where we were
at up into a blue aura.
And lightning strikes were
coming out of the ground.
And so we were already
in Vernal, Utah.
And I said, we're
going back out.
We got to see this.
>> And what did you see?
>> The next thing you
know, over there on the top
of the mountains where we
were doing that project,
there was three craft.
In turn, it's a game-changer.
You start seeing things
so different, it's unreal.
And so you start believing, even
though people won't believe.
>> On a new "Into the
Vortex" with Jimmy Church--
>> To have a crash retrieval
happen that predated Roswell is
extraordinary.
Were you surprised by that?
>> Everybody was surprised.
The witnesses hadn't
spoken for 60, 65 years.
But the object was taken away.
We know it was taken away
first to White Sands,
and then to Los Alamos.
And there, there is no
trace of it after that.
>> New series--
[ETHEREAL MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Your planet.
Your home.
I hear your voices,
the cries for help.
>> Only on Gaia.